README.md, before:

[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/kitodo/production.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/kitodo/production/) [![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/kitodo/production.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/kitodo/production/)

# Kitodo.Production

Kitodo.Production is a workflow management tool for mass digitization and is part of the Kitodo Digital Library Suite.

Kitodo.Production supports various types of materials such as prints, periodicals, manuscripts, sheet music and typical documents of a *Nachlass*. The software is written in Java, uses Java Server Faces web technology to run on a [Tomcat Servlet container](http://tomcat.apache.org/), and is backed by a [MySQL](http://www.mysql.com) database utilizing the [Hibernate framework](http://www.hibernate.org) to access it.

## Kitodo. Digital Library Modules

[Kitodo](https://github.com/kitodo) is an open source software suite intended to support mass digitization projects for cultural heritage institutions. Kitodo is widely used and cooperatively maintained by major German libraries and digitization service providers. The software implements international standards such as METS, MODS, ALTO, and other formats maintained by the Library of Congress. Kitodo consists of several independent modules serving different purposes such as controlling the digitization workflow, enriching descriptive and structural metadata, and presenting the results to the public in a modern and convenient way.

For more information, visit the [Kitodo homepage](https://www.kitodo.org). You can also follow Kitodo News on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/kitodo_org).

## Docker instructions

The Docker images were built by [Mannheim University Library](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mannheim_University_Library).

Simply use docker-compose for setting up and running Kitodo:

    # retrieve images from Docker Hub
    docker-compose pull
    # optionally use --build for building image locally
    docker-compose up -d
    docker-compose logs -f

If everything worked, Kitodo.Production can be accessed at http://localhost:8080/kitodo with initial credentials `testAdmin / test`.

The config and database volumes are stored in the local directory by default. This can be changed in the `docker-compose.yml` file, as well as the port settings.

The kitodo SQL database can be accessed with: `docker exec -ti kitodo-production-docker_db_1 mysql kitodo`

## Code and User Feedback

This image is based on upstream code available at [GitHub](https://github.com/kitodo/kitodo-production). If you have any problems with or questions about this image specifically, you can contact us through a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/UB-Mannheim/kitodo-production-docker/issues).

Commit message:

download release filess at build time and include them in image, streamlined versioning, added volume for Elasticsearch data

README.md, after:

[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/kitodo/production.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/kitodo/production/) [![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/kitodo/production.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/kitodo/production/)

# Kitodo.Production

Kitodo.Production is a workflow management tool for mass digitization and is part of the Kitodo Digital Library Suite.

Kitodo.Production supports various types of materials such as prints, periodicals, manuscripts, sheet music and typical documents of a *Nachlass*. The software is written in Java, uses Java Server Faces web technology to run on a [Tomcat Servlet container](http://tomcat.apache.org/), and is backed by a [MySQL](http://www.mysql.com) database utilizing the [Hibernate framework](http://www.hibernate.org) to access it.

## Kitodo. Digital Library Modules

[Kitodo](https://github.com/kitodo) is an open source software suite intended to support mass digitization projects for cultural heritage institutions. Kitodo is widely used and cooperatively maintained by major German libraries and digitization service providers. The software implements international standards such as METS, MODS, ALTO, and other formats maintained by the Library of Congress. Kitodo consists of several independent modules serving different purposes such as controlling the digitization workflow, enriching descriptive and structural metadata, and presenting the results to the public in a modern and convenient way.

For more information, visit the [Kitodo homepage](https://www.kitodo.org). You can also follow Kitodo News on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/kitodo_org).

## Docker instructions

The Docker images were built by [Mannheim University Library](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mannheim_University_Library).

Simply use docker-compose for setting up and running Kitodo:

    # OPTIONAL: retrieve image with tag TAG from Docker Hub
    docker pull kitodo/production:TAG
    # build image for Kitodo version specified in .env if it
    # is not available locally, build and start containers
    docker-compose up -d
    docker-compose logs -f

If everything worked, Kitodo.Production can be accessed at http://localhost:8080/kitodo with initial credentials `testAdmin / test`.

The configuration as well as the Elasticsearch and SQL databases are bound to directories inside the local directory by default. This can be changed in the `docker-compose.yml` file, as well as the port settings.

The kitodo SQL database can be accessed with: `docker exec -ti kitodo-production-docker_db_1 mysql kitodo`

## Code and User Feedback

This image is based on upstream code available at [GitHub](https://github.com/kitodo/kitodo-production). If you have any problems with or questions about this image specifically, you can contact us through a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/UB-Mannheim/kitodo-production-docker/issues).
